---
layout: page
title: Wang Wenwei's Project Portfolio Page
---

### Project: Contacts Address Book

Contacts Address Book (CAB) is a **desktop app that manages various contacts with added functionality.**
Users can input via a command line interface and access features that help with contacts management.

Given below are my contributions to the project.

* **New Feature**: Added a Remark command
  * What it does: allows the user to put remark to a contact.
  * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can remark a contact when needed.
  * Highlights: This enhancement affects existing commands and commands to be added in future. It required an in-depth analysis of design alternatives. The implementation too was challenging as it required changes to existing commands.

* **New Feature**: Creates a new group to the contacts address book
  * What it does: allows the user to create a new group.
  * Justification: This feature improves the product significantly because a user can categorize contacts into different groups.
  * Highlights: This enhancement affects existing commands and commands to be added in future. It required an in-depth analysis of design alternatives. The implementation too was challenging as it required changes to existing commands.

* **New Feature**: Rename an existing group to another name

* **New Feature**: Assign a person to a group

* **Code contributed**: [RepoSense link]()

* **Project management**:
  * Set up the project repo
  * Update project website, UG, DG
  * Managed releases `v1.2` on GitHub

* **Enhancements to existing features**:
  * Updated the GUI color scheme (Pull requests [\#33](), [\#34]())
  * Wrote additional tests for existing features to increase coverage from 88% to 92% (Pull requests [\#36](), [\#38]())

* **Documentation**:
  * User Guide:
    * Added documentation for the features `delete` and `find` [\#72]()
    * Did cosmetic tweaks to existing documentation of features `clear`, `exit`: [\#74]()
  * Developer Guide:
    * Added implementation details of the `delete` feature.
    * Update user stories.
    * Update use cases.

* **Community**:
  * PRs reviewed (with non-trivial review comments): [\#12](), [\#32](), [\#19](), [\#42]()
  * Contributed to forum discussions (examples: [1](), [2](), [3](), [4]())
  * Reported bugs and suggestions for other teams in the class (examples: [1](), [2](), [3]())
  * Some parts of the history feature I added was adopted by several other class mates ([1](), [2]())

* **Tools**:
  * Integrated a third party library (Natty) to the project ([\#42]())
  * Integrated a new Github plugin (CircleCI) to the team repo

* _{you can add/remove categories in the list above}_
